java c
MATH1131   Assignment   1Q1(8).    Find   two job   listings   for   data   science   or   statistics.    The job   listings   do   not need to be in Canada but must be written in English.   Your submission must   include   the job   title,   company, job   description,   and job   qualiﬁcations.    Submit   your   job   listings   by   taking   screen   shots(at   least   one   screen   shot   must   include   the   url).   After   you   submitted   your   listings,   answer   the   following   questions:
1(2).   List the   statistical   software   skills   required,   combining   all   ads   (e.g.    Strong   experience   with   Python   or   R).2(2).      List   any   speciﬁc   statistics   skills   required,   again   combining   all   ads      (e.g.   Visualize   data.    You   have   working   knowledge   of   one   more   visualization   tools:   Tableau,   Excel,Power   BI   etc.   and   have   the   ability   to   quickly   learn   new   tools.).3(4).   Write   at   least   100 but   no   more than   200 words relating   these   skills   to   the   material   we   have   covered   in   this   course,   as   well   as   the   material   we   will   cover.   In   terms   of future   material,   you   do   not   need   to   consider   anything   other   than
(a)   what   has   been   discussed   in   lectures   already,   and   (b)   the   table   of contents   for   our   textbook.
Q2(10).   In   term   of medical   screen   test   terminologies.
1(2).       Give      a      deﬁnition      for      speciﬁcity      and      sensitivity      of      a      medical   test      (2-4   sentences).
2(4).    Suppose   your   smart   phone   has   facial   recognition.    What   does   speciﬁcity   and   sensitivity   mean   in   this   context?    (2-4   sentences)3(4).   Find a resource that gives the   speciﬁcity   and   sensitivity   of Rapid   Antigen   Tests(RATs).       Write      3-5    sentences      explaining      what      these      values      mean      with respect   to   public   health   policy.      Submit   a   screen   shot   which   includes   these   two   numbers   and   the   URL   of your   resource   (if you   ﬁnd   a   medical journal   then   the   include   the   screen   shot   of the   front   page   and   the   two   numbers).Q3(6).         A   woman   brought   a   complaint   of   gender   discrimination   to   an   eight-   member   HR   committee.      The   committee   is   composed   of ﬁve   females   and   three   males.       The    vote   result   is   that   the   ﬁve   females   voted    “for”    (in    favor    of   the   woman)   and   the   three   males   voted      “against”   .    Has   the   board   been   afected   by   gender   bias?    That   is,   if   the   members   were   not   biased   by   gender   and   the   vote   result   is   ﬁve    “for”    and   three    “against”,    what    is   the   probability   that   all   ﬁve   females   members   voted    “for”    and   all   three   males   members   voted    “against”?
Does   this   support   the   board   being   afected   by   gender   bias?Q4(6).      For   people   who   ﬁll   the   long   income   tax   form   with   illegal   deductions,   every ﬁve out of seven know   it   is   illegal,   and   the   remaining   two   out   of seven   did   it   incorrectly   代 写MATH1131 Assignment 1Python
代做程序编程语言because   they   are   unfamiliar   with   income   tax   regulations.   Among   those   who   ﬁlled   illegal   deductions   and   know   it   is   illegal,   80%   will   deny   knowl-   edge      of   the      error      if   confronted      by      an      investigator.       Among    those    who    ﬁlled   illegal   deduction   because   of unfamiliarity,   100%   will   deny   knowledge   of the   er-   ror   if confronted   by   an   investigator.   If the   ﬁler   of the   long   form   includes   illegal   deduction and the ﬁler denies the knowledge of   the error, what is the probability   that   the   ﬁler   knows   it   is   illegal?Q5(6).       I      saw      the      following      ad      on      the      subway      recently.       Write      at      least      100   but      no      more      than      200    words      relating      what      you      see      in      this      ad      to      the      ma-   terial      we    have    studied    in    this    course    regarding    sampling    and    survey    meth-   ods.    You   will   be   graded   on   correctness,    completeness,   and   quality   of   writing
   Q6(9).      Use   R   to   complete   the   following.      R   code   and   R   output   is   requested   for   solution.   R   markdown   is   recommended.   Please   keep   you   solution   clear   and   easy   to   read.   Unclear   solution   will   not   be   graded.   0   for   manual   solution.
Given   a   data   set   below:-2,   -6,   0,   6,   0,   7,   7,   2,   1,   12,   -2,   7,   5,   10,   -4,   0,   -3,   0,   6,   4,   2,   3,   -3,   10,   4,   6,   6,   5,   3,   8,   0,   -1,   2,   7,   0,   9,   2,   9,   -3,   5,   0,   1,   -2,   -4,   6,   6,   1,   4,   -1,   -4,   10,   9,   7,   -3,   7,   -3,   -2,   7,   0,   6,   19,   24.
1(3).       Calculate    sample   mean,    sample   standard   deviation,      ﬁrst   quartile,      3rd   quartile,   median.
2(2).    Calculate   the   frequency   (count)   for   the   data.    i.e.      count   for   each   unique   values.
3(2).   Use   the   data   to   do   histogram   plot,   class   boundaries:   -6,   -4,   -2,   ...,   20,   22,
24.   i.e.   class   width   is   2.
4(2).   Use   the   data   to   do   boxplot.Q7(6).      A   computer   is   used   to   generate   ten   random   integers,   each   between   0   and   9      (with   replacement).      Let   X   equal   the   number   of   even   numbers   among   the   ten   numbers   picked.         That   is,   if   the   ten   random   integers   turn   out   to   be   1324555779,   then   X=   2.
1(2).    Find   the   probability   that   exactly   one   out   of the   ten   random   numbers   is   even.
2(4).   Find   the   probability   that   seven   or   fewer   even   numbers   are   picked   among   the   ten   random   integers.Q8(4).    Read   (or   rather   re-read)   Section   7.7   of   [UH-Mind   on   Statistics].      Write 100-200   words   to   comment   on   the   following   picture   in   light   of   the   material   in   Section   7.7   (Lecture   note 4.7).   You will be graded   on   the   quality   of the   writing   and the appropriateness/relevance of your answer to   the   material   of Section   7.7   (Lecture   note   4.7).
      

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
